docs: Update book to sylvia 1.1.0 (#13)
CosmWasm/sylvia-book: src/advanced/attributes_forwarding.md

# Attributes forwarding

> This feature allows ^sylvia users to forward any attribute to every message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature allows ^sylvia users to forward any attribute to specific message
```

Author: I'll go for `any` instead of `every`

> type using `#[sv::msg_attr(msg_type, ...)]` attribute. For the messages
> that resolves to enum types it is possible to forward attributes per
> enum field by using `#[sv::attr(...)]` - this works for `exec`, `query`
> and `sudo` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type using `#[sv::msg_attr(msg_type, ...)]` attribute.
For the messages that resolves to enum types it is possible to forward attributes to their specific variants by using `#[sv::attr(...)]` on top of the appropriate method - this works for `exec`, `query`
and `sudo` methods.
```
